---
title: In The Beginning...
author: ceoDemitri
date: 2023-11-09
tags: ["post", "featured"]
image: /assets/blog/article-1.jpg
imageAlt: A Mindful Ninja
description: I started this adventure as A Challenge to myself to be something different. The path has been exciting and eye-opening. How easy life may pass us by revealing new paradigms by the moment. Where will you be when the next shift happens? Where will I be? For one, I know, I will be an assest to the future society.
---

I think to the past and am hugely inspired by the ingenuity, imagination and invention. The programmers before us have paved a wonderful path inspiring me to push the limits and focus on making my own mark. I am amazed at how much they accomplished and where they have lead us. How much more is left to discover? Have we reached the apex? No. Every day amazing coders, today, develop new recipes and tools making all of our jobs a bit easier. With the release of AI and Machine Learning, a whole new terrain has been uncovered. All of us new comers have much ground to make up. I have always enjoyed a fiesty challenge. I do get joy from solving complex problems; transversing the tech land may be one of the tricker problems of our generation. I have accessed the landscape and have uncovered three unique challenges for me: Improve on the works of giants, keep up with my peers and make a difference in the world.

Growing up, I never really used too much brain power; school was super easy even in the advanced classes. So I coasted even when I could push my limits and show a bit more. Coding has been my chance to really stretch my brain muscles. Now, learning in 2023, I thought I would find random people here and there trying to learn like me but I was amazed to find a whole community of communities full of people all over the world teaching themselves to code. How amazing. Coding required a lot of fearlessness and flexibility, amongst a list of other things, forcing me to implement every square inch of my brain mass. And that was the fun part. 

I started on this path like most of us newcomers, tired of the current cycle of life while dreaming and wishing of doing much more. I live a modest life now, working a modest job. I know for sure, based on the individual perspective, people can find value in unexpected places. I firmly believe happiness exists in all places. We all have flavors and aspects we prefer. And The things that ignite me may not be the same for you. Making a difference from my perspective means positively impacting the lives of the majority. Working random jobs, bouncing around here and there, my only intentions were to pay bills. While in love with some companies and some people at those places, I had zero aspiration to move up at these jobs. As you can most likely relate, I feel a fire inside of me saying there is more to explore.

The modest jobs lacked one key critera for me, where is the mental workout? Most of the modest jobs I have worked required only an able body, no need for too many brain waves. While I more then appreciate a physical workout, I place much more value to mental work. I do not care for the US Dollar at all, so I am motivated the least by money. I decided I would continue to work these modest jobs and give myself my own curriculum to follow and master. I explored various studies and topics, boosting my eagerness to learn. At this point I found a sweet spot. After a few years of me doing my own work, I was reminded of the world of coding. As a hobby, I started with a few Python Programs I found on youtube. Immediately after 2 project, I enrolled in 3 Udemy classes (Python, C# and Web Development) in 2020. I was consumed with all things software development.

Today, I strive to push my own limits and pave my own path. Between the college graduates, bootcamp stars, and the self taught heros, finding your place in these days can be tricky. The world is full of amazing coders and designers and all in between. What is left for us newcomers: the same as those before us. Use the tools at our disposal to build unique ideas to enhance the quality of life. Weild your imagination, that remains the key; harness and cultivate the drivers of our next inventions. The concept of pioneers I believe will always be relevant. There must always be ways to explore and experiment, to discover and uncover. We have the entire world in our hands. I believe it is up to us to build our future. 